Installation
============

To install in compliance with the XDG Base Directory Specification,
please include

--sysconfdir=/etc

in the options you supply to the configure script.

This will make sure that the system wide configuration files will be
installed below /etc/xdg/bashrun/ and will thus be found by bashrun at
runtime using the method(s) defined in the XDG Base Directory
Specification.

If you choose to use a $sysconfdir other than /etc you will have to
make sure that the user's XDG_CONFIG_DIRS environment variable
includes the directory $sysconfdir/xdg in order to allow bashrun to
locate the system wide default configuration files at runtime.

Note that if you don't use an explicit --sysconfdir option,
$sysconfdir will default to $prefix/etc and will likely result in the
need to adjust XDG_CONFIG_DIRS as described above.

Staged installation
===================

The standard DESTDIR mechanism can be used for a staged installation,
e.g.

make DESTDIR=/tmp/stage install

will install all files relative to /tmp/stage instead of /.

Runtime dependencies
====================

The following external programs need to be installed on the target
system in order to successfully run bashrun:

bash>=4.1, sed, grep, tput, stty, kill

The ./configure script only checks for buildtime dependencies. It's up
to the user/packager to make sure that runtime dependencies are
satisfied on the target system.

Note to packagers
=================

The default configuration file shipped with bashrun assumes xterm to
be available on the target system. If xterm is not available, the user
will be presented with an appropriate error message, recommending to
either install xterm or to set up bashrun to use a different
terminal. 

I consider it up to the packager to decide whether to include xterm as
a package dependency to make sure users get a working install out of
the box, or to trust users to handle this case on their own. Since the
default configuration file includes numerous ready to use examples for
other common terminals, I'd personally opt for the latter.
